Object Type Masks (#158)
Sigmmma/c20: src/content/general/engine/scripting/readme.md

)
```

> ## Object Type Masks

Reviewer: Titles should be in sentence case

Several functions from Halo 2 onwards allow the user to perform actions on all objects of a certain type (e.g. bipeds, vehicles etc) that are currently loaded in a scenario. These functions use long values to determine which object types should be referenced.

| Type Mask <long>| Object Type     |
| ----------------| --------------- |
| 1               | biped           |
| 2               | vehicle         |
| 4               | weapon          |
| 8               | equipment       |
| 1024            | crate           |

> These values can be added together to effect multiple object types at once. For example, using the function ```(object_destroy_type_mask 5)``` would destroy all bipeds and weapons loaded on the map. Both 0 and 1039 will destroy all objects of the above listed types. The functions which support this are:

Reviewer 2: I think the triple backticks here will render as a block, but it looks like you want inline. Single backticks will do that for you `` `(object_destroy_type_mask 5)` ``

Reviewer 2: Oh actually triple back ticks is causing the page to parse weirdly, which stops it from loading the links below properly. Changing them to single backticks should fix this.

> These values can be added together to effect multiple object types at once. For example, using the function ```(object_destroy_type_mask 5)``` would destroy all bipeds and weapons loaded on the map. Both 0 and 1039 will destroy all objects of the above listed types. The functions which support this are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values can be added together to affect multiple object types at once. For example, using the function ```(object_destroy_type_mask 5)``` would destroy all bipeds and weapons loaded on the map. Both 0 and 1039 will destroy all objects of the above listed types. The functions which support this are:
```

```hsc
(<object_list> volume_return_objects_by_type <trigger_volume> <type_mask>) ; Halo 2 onwards
(<void> object_destroy_type_mask <type_mask>) ; Halo 2 onwards
(<void> add_recycling_volume_by_type <trigger_volume> <long> <long> <type_mask>) ; Halo Reach onwards
(<void> add_offscreen_recycling_volume_by_type <trigger_volume> <long> <long> <type_mask>) ; Halo 4 onwards
```
Below is a full listing of object type mask combinations: 
<!--- this can be stripped if it's a bit too long. --->

> | Type Mask <long>| Object Type                             |

Reviewer 2: `<long>` won't render properly because it gets interpreted as an HTML tag. You can change this to `(long)` to avoid this, or use escaped codes: `&#60;long&#62;`
